[Autogenerated] Let's switch your attention to
recommend neural networks Common use cases.
Off arguments are sequence prediction.
Auto Completion Market predictions on many more All these cases need information
about historical behavior to predict the current behavior.
One off the limitations of a feed forward network is that the
output off the network does not directly depend on the
previous output off the same network.
So the sequence off outputs are independent off each other.
This are in in came into existence with the help of a hidden
state that remembers all the information that has been
calculated until that point in time.
This picture shows a simple architectural diagram,
a typical or in in that is unrolled in time.
Each recurrent neuron has two sets off weights,
one for the input x a time t on the other from the
previous time in travel T minus one.
This is also called a memory cell because at any point in time,
the output at a specific point in time is a function off
all the inputs from the previous steps.
The cells hidden State H off P is different from output y off D because the
hidden state hft is a function off its input at that Step X,
and it's hidden state from the previous step H of T minus one.
Let's look at different conflagrations off.
Error in in first one is sequence to sequence.
Here you feel the sequence off inputs to the recurrent
neural network and get a sequence of output.
This is primarily used in stock price predictions.
Next one is sequence to better where you take a sequence
off input and produce a single output.
You can see this being used in reviewing systems to
give a thumbs up or thumbs down.
Vector to sequence here are in and takes one input
and produce a sequence of outputs.
This is used in a typical image captioning systems in quarter decoder.
This has to networks that are connected together.
The first are in the network, which is an end quarter is a sequence to victor.
The second one, which is a decoder, is a victor to sequence on. This can be used in language, translations